Add undocumented Punctuation token Tilde `~` (#1149)
rust-lang/reference: src/tokens.md

| `#`    | Pound       | [Attributes]
| `$`    | Dollar      | [Macros]
| `?`    | Question    | [Question mark operator][question], [Questionably sized][sized], [Macro Kleene Matcher][macros]

> | `~`    | Tilde       | The tilde operator is deprecated, but its token may still be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `~`    | Tilde       | The tilde operator has been unused since before Rust 1.0, but its token may still be used
```
